alright here we have the lattice
soundboard after the lattice has been
initially glued on to the soundboard
with the vacuum clamp as you can see
quite a bit of it has been removed
sanded down to nothing here at the edges
it's high here in the middle but then it
tapers down to nothing here and for
comparison here is the lattice before
game carbon fibers put on underneath
here epoxy it onto there and then like I
said in the last video about 50% of the
lattice is removed and now I'm about
ready to put some carbon fiber on the
top here we're gonna cap that and show
that in the next video okay so that's
the lattice they've gone to the next
stage see if we can get a side view here
so you can kind of see how that what
that looks like here
you see how flexible these edges are
here can move quite a bit very thin
soundboard okay about 40 thousands right
now that's right around one millimeter
okay
very loose edges the middle is very
stiff side view here
all right that's it we'll see in next
video